README.md, before:

# Rental App

## Overview
Rental App is a property rental platform built using React. It features property listings, booking management, and a responsive design that works seamlessly across devices.

## Features
- **Property Listings**: View a variety of properties with images, titles, descriptions, prices, and "Book Now" buttons.
- **Filtering**: Filter properties by location, price range, number of bedrooms, and amenities.
- **Booking Management**: Manage bookings with a cart system, view property details, booking dates, and total costs. Update cart items in real-time.
- **Checkout Process**: Complete bookings with a checkout process that includes entering contact information and payment details.
- **Responsive Design**: Optimized for different screen sizes to provide an optimal viewing experience on both desktop and mobile devices.

## Technologies Used
- React
- React Router
- Context API for state management
- CSS for styling

## Installation
1. **Clone the repository**:
    ```sh
    git clone <your-repo-url>
    cd rental-app
    ```

2. **Install dependencies**:
    ```sh
    npm install
    ```

3. **Start the development server**:
    ```sh
    npm start
    ```

## Usage
- **Home Page**: Browse through the list of available properties.
- **Filter Properties**: Use the filters to find properties that match your criteria.
- **Book a Property**: Click on "Book Now" to add properties to your cart.
- **View Cart**: Click on the cart icon to view your selected properties.
- **Checkout**: Click on the checkout button to enter your details and complete the booking.

Commit message:

Updated Read me file with Netlify Deployment Link

README.md, after:

# Rental App

## Overview
Rental App is a property rental platform built using React. It features property listings, booking management, and a responsive design that works seamlessly across devices.

## Features
- **Property Listings**: View a variety of properties with images, titles, descriptions, prices, and "Book Now" buttons.
- **Filtering**: Filter properties by location, price range, number of bedrooms, and amenities.
- **Booking Management**: Manage bookings with a cart system, view property details, booking dates, and total costs. Update cart items in real-time.
- **Checkout Process**: Complete bookings with a checkout process that includes entering contact information and payment details.
- **Responsive Design**: Optimized for different screen sizes to provide an optimal viewing experience on both desktop and mobile devices.

## Technologies Used
- React
- React Router
- Context API for state management
- CSS for styling

## Installation
1. **Clone the repository**:
    ```sh
    git clone <your-repo-url>
    cd rental-app
    ```

2. **Install dependencies**:
    ```sh
    npm install
    ```

3. **Start the development server**:
    ```sh
    npm start
    ```
## Deployment
The app is deployed on Netlify. You can access it [here](https://totality-frontend-challenge-arvindh.netlify.app).

## Usage
- **Home Page**: Browse through the list of available properties.
- **Filter Properties**: Use the filters to find properties that match your criteria.
- **Book a Property**: Click on "Book Now" to add properties to your cart.
- **View Cart**: Click on the cart icon to view your selected properties.
- **Checkout**: Click on the checkout button to enter your details and complete the booking.
